today on this 2011 chevrolet HHR we're
going to install part number rm-154 from
roadmaster this is our universal wiring
kit the first thing we need to do is go
ahead and run the wires from front to
rear with the 4-pole flat and we're
gonna be using the big loop for that
purpose
now it has two ends on there and we're
just going to chop off one end and run
that to the back okay we're gonna start
off by attaching our wire to the base
plate of the vehicle itself and will
allow for some extra length there in
case you want to change over to a
different type of connector so let's dip
tie that off and work it towards the
back of the vehicle when we run into the
back we want to make sure that we stay
away from anything moving like a
suspension or I think it's hot like the
exhaust everybody we're under wires
different way but those are the
guidelines you want to go by either
runner wires to the inside of body to
get to our wire Finers so basically
we're going to do at this corner right
here on the sheet metal
we'll go ahead and drill a hole out and
install a grommet and run our wire to
the inside
okay now take her wire we'll just push
it on the inside and then we'll go ahead
and secure it and then we'll go ahead
and fill up the remaining opening with
some silicone let's go ahead and pull
out our wire harness here we go strand
to the inside now we'll go ahead and
disconnect the wire harness to a turn
signal and running light which is the
one on top and you just pull up this tab
a little bit and it comes right apart
you also see that it has another wire
harness already added to it this is from
a previous install this is gonna be your
in a spot where we're going to install
our diodes what we're gonna do is just
simply take this and move it up the wire
a little bit we already tested our wire
harness so we know that the green wire
is gonna be a turn signal and brake
signal and the brown wire is going to be
for running light circuit and our wire
hearts are they ran from the front
basically it's going to be color for
color greens gonna be a right turn and
brake signal and Browns gonna be a
running light we'll start with the right
turn signal and brick we're just cut the
wire in half and strip the wires back
and add our terminals up to each side
now let's go ahead and take a green wire
and separate it from the wire harness
all right we'll cut a wire in half and
add a terminal from the water now I can
add our diode now you can see what diode
is labeled in and out the inputs will be
from the vehicle itself
we'll go and slide one on and then the
other input would be from the 4-pole
that ran from the front okay and then
our output always goes out to the
taillight so we'll slip that in there
okay so we have a right turn signal and
brake done now we'll go over to the
running light circuit it's gonna be the
same thing however we're going to make a
little the junction will still add our
diode like before but then we're gonna
run these two together then add a
terminal to both of those and that
provide our junction so we'll have power
for running lights going into this diode
and over to the one on the other side
let's go ahead and add our diode
one other thing we got to deal with is
our ground wire we haven't attached a
ground yet and there's a nice piece of
sheet metal right here so we'll let's
use that for our ground we'll take our
white wire and we'll just go ahead and
cut that and add a ring terminal to it
and run it straight to the bodywork next
we're gonna do is run our wire across so
we're going to take out our liner put
your cover here and then we need to get
access to underneath this plastic here
so take out the pan and this cover as
well and this threshold right here just
pops up our white wire or green wire
we're not gonna need any more if we can
go ahead and just peel that off the
harness I'm gonna take the two remaining
wires run it right into plastic and over
to the other side
now take a few seconds to zip tire wires
to the factory harness make sure they
stay out of the way all right same as
before well go ahead and release a
connection point for the factory wire
harness going into the back of the
taillight you see it has a previous
4-pole installed we got a little more
room here so we'll put our diodes past
the connection points here again Brown
is going to be a running light circuit
on this vehicle and yellow is going to
be the left turn signal and brake so
again this will be color for color on
this vehicle
go ahead and plug our in back into the
taillight all right at this point we can
go ahead and reinstall all the interior
components and give it a try okay with
that that will finish your install part
number rm-154 from roadmaster